in this video we are going to analyze several
photographs that have been leaked in
recent days images that are supposed to
belong to the documentary that
F sense is preparing about Didi of
this there is Even a clip now we will
see images of Didi arguing with
Jennifer Lopez when they were a couple and some
leaked images of Leonardo DiCaprio
with a new girl Too young and
people have speculated that she could be his
partner but we'll see what happens my
kids How are you welcome one
more day to my channel I am Javi oliveira and
if you didn't know me you already know that it is your
channel of news gossip and
viral topics where you are going to find out every day
absolutely everything that is in
Boca from all over the world in this
specific video we are going to update all the
information about the Didi case or without
didom as is her full name but
you have to know that on the channel there is a
playlist with the
entire case analyzing it since all
this began You just have to go to
the cover of the Channel and there you will see
the series we are here every day
at the foot of the canyon if you like and
This type of content is of interest, obligatory
subscription. The following images that you are
going to see on screen could
belong to the documentary that F is
preparing about Didi, there is even a
clip. Be exposed I mean when I Walk in I
mean I define take Pride in Being the
originator of the preparation of the sex
things That I personally like a lot of
ladies you know So You have if you don't
have what they need they going Leave got
to Keep them there
need All of these Uh
big is all catching Hell in 202 up for
All of them it Don't matter if
you if you believe my opinion about these
images it seems to me that they look a
little strange I would say that it is quite
likely that some of these images,
if not all, could be made with an
Artificial Intelligence in fact the
people who appear in the videos
move a little strange they do some
dances that look like an
artificial intelligence, I really tell you that, in addition,
some scenes resemble, for example,
the video of Didi running down the
hallway when he hit Casi, but
this time modified and with more girls
running after him and well, it could
represent a little what
Didi's parties were like, we are seeing everyone
dressed in white  In fact, in a
hallway you can see some
shelves along the walls that seem to be
full of bottles of
baby oil, that is,
Johnson & Johnson lubricant, and also the subject of
rituals, which we have mentioned a lot
in all the videos we have made
about this case, in this world of
top fame, it seems that
non-rituals are very common, a bit
strange, anyway, Freemasonry, I believe that
these images are made with
Artificial Intelligence, I find it very
complicated that they can be leaked. Although,
well, it is not impossible, but I understand that
this documentary is still pending and in
the case that they are not images made with
Artificial Intelligence, due to the
quality they have, we cannot
differentiate if it is about Didi and
some other celebrities, the accusations
against Didi seem endless and
infinite. In recent days, I think that
since she last recorded a video, there have
been like a dozen
new accusations, so well, although
Didi's situation has not changed,
new procedures have been added that she
will have to explain, the strongest one about
a girl who says she was 13 years old when
the events occurred in 2000.
This girl claims that  a friend left her
at the door of the TV awards and she
tried to get in but couldn't and since she
couldn't, she stayed by the door
trying to see the celebrities come in
and out. She says she was determined to
run into celebrities until
suddenly, between one limousine and another,
Didi's driver saw her and told her that she
met the
perfect characteristics of the girls that Didi wanted to
invite to her party so she
ended up giving in she got in the car and
went to Didi's party she claims that
there she saw a lot of celebrities that they
were all drinking and taking
weird things and that they gave her a
somewhat strange orange drink. She does claim
that before entering the party she signed
a confidentiality agreement, something that
I don't know how valid it could be. It could be
if the girl was 13 years old but well,
maybe they didn't know it seems strange to me
because 13 is too old and with that
orange and slightly bitter drink it
made her dizzy and drowsy so they
took her to sleep. Sleep at Didi's house
according to her once there Didi arrived
with two other celebrities, a man and a woman
woman and claims that the famous person who was
with Didy while Didi and the other
person were watching and then it was
Didi's turn and the other two were looking the girl
claims that at one point she regained
strength to run out of the place
until she reached a gas station where they
helped her and for whatever reason at the time she did
not report the truth is that this
type of accusations that are coming out
of two decades ago I do not know what will
happen but the truth is that it is
judicially very complicated for me to prove
among the other accusations there is
a hip hop singer a
personal trainer it is also said that a
well-known businessman and a
very curious fact that is being put on
the table also in recent days It is
about the issue that some celebrities who
used to go to Didi's parties
are being victims of blackmail
having to hand over millions of
dollars in settlements from alleged
victims who are telling her and claiming
that they pay her or put them in the lawsuits
with Didi here what is being said is
that the celebrities would be accepting this
agreement being innocent or guilty it does not
matter for the simple fact of not
appearing  in any Complaint since they would
consider that simply by
appearing in a complaint like
this against Didi, then however it comes out
judicially speaking, the
reputation and the work and the career are
ruined. I don't know to what extent this
could be like, see apparently the
singers handle themselves differently and do not
usually accept this type of agreement, I would not
do it because they are more on their
own, they work for themselves, they are
more accustomed to, let's say,
controversies but apparently the actors
try to be as white as possible,
they are involved in as little trouble as possible
because if not the producers cancel them
and no longer call them for movies. Now I
tell you, I mean, you cannot be at
the mercy of any Random to
denounce you and accuse you of whatever and
giving money to people so they do not
denounce you is that if you open this floodgates,
my goodness, what a mess you can get if you are
completely sure of your innocence,
nobody will be able to prove the contrary in
a game you go all the way and that is
unexpected with what has to
avoid having your Brand connected
with p  Because his at this Point is
completely toxic I don't think there's
Any scenario Under the Sun Under Which
he comes Back from this so if you have
the opportunity To settle This and to Keep
your name out of the headlines That would be
That I would and I celebrents
dynamite you talk about Whatever sort of
Goodwill You built Up from the public
Whatever your Brand equity is just Being
blown to bits Just in the Release of
your name as It relates To This so This
is undoubtedly an attempt by the lawyers
on the pl Side to try to get a
settlement  for their clients and you
know one of the things That I think
we're seeing as a byproduct of
Everything involving didy Is You have
allegations coming out of the woodwork
Against a whole Range of celebs at this
Point many of Which are trying to tie
the Target of their lawsuit to the
behavior of d Which I think there
's fundamental difference between
someone who's been indicted on multiple
counts and is currently Being imprisoned
versus someone for whom there's Just an allegation
but Again you don't want your name you don't
want your  Brand
connected To This in  Any way shape or
form and If there's an exit ramp
that the children have spoken out regarding the
whole issue that is being so viral
throughout the planet about what they in
a short statement define as false
accusations conspiracy theories and
false absurd narratives against their
father last month has devastated
our family many have judged
him and us based on
accusations conspiracy theories and
false narratives that have become
absurd on social media we are
United supporting you every step of the
way we cling to the truth
knowing that it will prevail and nothing will break
the strength of our family We
miss you and we love you dad also according to
heely this Wednesday
night at a Halloween party there was a
moment of tension where
many celebrities attended including Didi's children there
was a very tense situation that
occurred during the night between
Didi's children and Rey G Ray who
was previously a friend of Didi but when
the accusations began to come out it seems
that he has spoken out but against it we have
never seen the things that are being
said and the things that people are
discovering  I've never been to the places that
people talk about and I never knew they
existed, Reid said on Friday, and a lot of
people in the industry might
agree with me on that. It
seems that Didi's kids ran into
him as he was leaving the party,
physically confronted him and started
kind of hitting on him, it's called that, no, that's kind of
like puffing out your chest, not like starting
a fight, something a little wild. But
anyway, and apparently he was
also there. Chris Brown, who 15 years ago
while beating up
Rihanna, probably would have
gotten into the fight to support his
friend Ray, but this time
apparently he was getting into his car, saw the
fight, ran out of his car, and tried to
calm the waters, calmed the two
parties by separating them, according to Jeli, who
was another one of the people who were
there, trying to separate them. The fear they
had is that the fight could turn into
one. You know, it's quite common
for these types of people to walk around with
weapons, so if things get
too heated, it wouldn't be something very
crazy in the United States, carrying
weapons is something much more  common that
for example in Europe here in Europe
people don't usually have weapons eh For
almost anything not even in their homes in
fact I take advantage of the fact that in these videos
a lot of people from the United States watch me to
tell you about this news for example that has
been very viral in Spain this man
named Pepe loms is an
82 year old man who was sentenced to 6 years in
prison because he killed a thief that he
surprised inside his property the
man got scared he grabbed a gun he
shot him yes it's true that then he
attacked with the thief on the ground I
understand that it would have been more
logical not to shoot at the legs And such
But he almost went to jail at 82
years old for having defended his property his
house which at least look in the
last few days the news has come out that in
the appeal they reduced the sentence
instead of 6 years to 9 months therefore he does not
go to jail But anyway I'm
telling you basically so you notice the
difference between Europe and the United
States When we were trying to exit the
building
actually I honestly just Saw like Christian
Justin quy
cir Little
words Things as we um  went into the
parking garage you know like chest were Being bumped Uh
Ray Had a backpack and
from the last situation we were outside
with the Zoo Stuff he went around and
tried to go grab his backpack and he Had
this satch so I'm like does he have a
blower in there like I don't want it to
really like get to this Level so I don't
know where Chris Brown hops out the car
like a freaking lepron out of the
magically delicious sky and like
honestly he Start Breaking up I try To
talk to  Quincy Christian get their
stance on it and let him know that this
wasn't the time and the Place I
understand emotions are High I
understand what they're going through
but for the better men everybody Get In
a better space I pray that all parties
can resolve things equally um It
definitely was like a chest bump Push Back
Pull up the pants kind of vibe but
the way Chris came out and Just like I mean I
swear he took Justin and Christian
at the same time and Just got
both of them record Quincy
other at a charity event that took
place  The other day there was an episode in
which it was mentioned  Didi a bit funny
well let's see he wasn't funny at all but
he got the audience laughing Selena
Gomez was giving a speech and she made a
mistake And instead of mentioning Didi
hirch who was a volunteer who helped
people with mental health problems in the 20th century
being one of the
pioneers in helping people with
these types of conditions she made a mistake in
the pronunciation and mentioned Didi which to
me Didi Didi for me they both are mentioned the
same but well surely and You're
going to put it in the comments box
Too much I'm polishing my
pronunciation with these videos but I
understand that people who speak English
notice it Not the difference between one
Didi and another Didi the truth is that not
even they would have noticed if it hadn't
been for the fact that she interrupted
to correct herself that's when
people started laughing
[Music]
remember that Selena has her history
with Didi she knows him from having been
Justin Bieber's partner even Didi on one
occasion to my liking with the intention
of humiliating her confused her with a ballet
parking which is basically here in
Spain a  car park and surely you will
know many episodes of Didi that
Justin will have told you. Well,
surely you know many more
episodes than those known in
public, so it would be understood that he holds it in very
high esteem, because he does not. Also,
this week there was a raid by the
DEA and the FBI in the same prison where
Didi is currently located,
probably the raid has nothing
to do with Didi. Well, in the
Metropolitan Jail in New York,
believe it or not, there are people much more dangerous than
Didi and who can endanger both
the security of the prison staff
and of the people outside the
prison. In fact, there are people like Ismael
Mayo, former lieutenant of Chapo Guzmn and
who inherited part of his empire after
his capture. The capture of this man has
caused an internal war for power
in the Sinaloa cartel that has left
dozens dead in the last month in
Mexico. There are also high-
profile politicians accused of corruption,
gang leaders, so making sure that these
people do not have any type of
benefits or contact with the outside world is
super important. Furthermore, the prison is
called Hell, as you already knew.  I told
in previous videos about the
conditions that some consider
inhumane in which they keep
inmates, which has caused several complaints
from NGOs. Personally, you already know what I
think on that subject. I am
super in favor of prisons like
Bukele's, but I understand that for certain
crimes, I mean, I consider that there
should even be prisons like Bukele's
here in Spain, but obviously I
'm talking about depending on the
crime. I mean, it's not the same as a thief, a
scammer, a ped, anyway, Didi has
not been convicted
yet, so I still don't understand why he was
mistreated in prison because,
well, although everything points to things
being bad, you have to wait for a
person to be convicted to be in
the conditions of a prisoner, but once
a person is convicted for this
type of crime, as for example happened
with Daniel Sancho who is in a prison
in Thailand, as you already know,
Human Rights, What human rights, I mean, if
people do not respect the
human rights of others, theirs are not worth anything
either, it is not normal that the DEA and the  Cia
and the police constantly intervene
to prevent it from getting out of control or to
look for illegal things so
this review seems completely normal to me the
latest accusation that has been made against
Didi I don't know what you will think
to me it seems like a bit of a
historical joint and this It comes a bit to the
point with something that I have also
told you in previous videos of course I
maintain let's see there are many accusations
that are being made against Didi that
seem to me to be false this has
always happened throughout the man's life with
many viral cases and when it comes
to such wealthy people and who have
so much [ __ ] and so many people against them and
that above all there are some complaints that
are credible they join the bandwagon they
invent stories to try to make
money and with this in the end what they do
is muddy the cases that are
real in the end when there are so many
accusations imagine a person who
has 20 complaints if 15 are false and they are
found to be false even if they are
ridiculous then it makes them lose
credibility obviously how can it
be  otherwise the ones that are
real So then people
set a precedent The questioning not
of the victims and anyway blah blah blah it's
about a person who says that
when he was 10 years old in 2005 his
father took him to a talent audition
because he wanted to be a famous singer
actor whatever and Didi said that he
wanted to meet that child apart from the parents
meeting Didi in a hotel well
basically they left the 10
year old child with Didi smoking a historic joint
let's say that if it's true it would be worth
jailing the parents before
Didi But anyway basically Didi
gave the kid a substance and I
was also telling the kid things like how
far he was willing to go to
fulfill his dream that he put his well
anyway I don't want to be graphic in this video
because YouTube can also get
silly but basically he gave him
this orange drink the same drink that
the other girl mentioned and when the
child woke up he realized that
Didi had probably V
also tells him that Didi threatened him at the
time that they wouldn't tell her  to his
parents that if he told it he would hurt
his parents but anyway the child would
tell his parents what happens is that
the parents would be afraid to sue
Didi until now two decades later
with what is going on well they would have been
encouraged to report Didi's team
obviously it cannot be any other
way has denied this accusation in fact they
point to the lawyer who is the same
lawyer who leads the 200 victims from
a month ago and considers it as a
media campaign also an advertising campaign
for the lawyer I have looked to see who
the lawyer was and yes it is the same lawyer I do
not know the truth to think about this
case I do not know if I should believe it or not the truth
is that this is a delicate thing that
justice speaks and when the time comes well we will
see no because of course
I do not like to question or doubt
a possible victim because maybe I
am here doubting and now it turns out
that it is a trauma and that it is true but the truth is
that it seems strange to me I mean
until the evidence comes out so
be it and justice continues to do
its job because yes I am clear that  There's
been evidence that Didi is an
abuser, he is, there's no evidence,
but it's one thing for Didi to be an
abuser, it's another thing for
people to start coming out
wanting compensation and accusing him
of abuse, and well, since he is an
abuser, well, we have to believe
everyone who says now that Didi has
abused him, in fact,
some accusations are starting to fall, I don't know if you
remember in the previous videos that I
was telling you about people who
wanted to report but that
anonymity could be respected, that is, in the United States,
justice also works quite
differently than here in Spain, okay, this. It's
logical, we're in another part of the
world, it's another continent. When we
dealt with the case of Daniel Sancho, you've
seen that justice is not
Roman justice, they have another type of
justice and things are and work
differently. Okay, well, in the United States,
apparently, there's a way to report
that is anonymous, but
Didi's lawyers complained about this because, of course, these
complainants wanted to remain
anonymous. Until the end of the case, well,
forever. Not leaving it in a complete
defenselessness to Didi to prepare his
defense at the very least he has to know
who is denouncing him then the
judge named Mary Kate Bosil
I hope I have pronounced it correctly but you are
going to correct me in the
comments box in the judge who is
handling the majority of the complaints
against Didi because she affirms that there is no
reason to preserve the
privacy of these complainants who
are denouncing also after
so much time with all of this also being
a public accusation so well
these people have until
November 13th To identify themselves if they want to
continue with the lawsuit I fear that in
this way a few are going to fall I
was also telling you that
Didi's defense tried to have it annulled
as evidence I have to explain this
very well okay in the procedure it is being
evaluated okay not playing
evaluating the video that you all already know
went viral everything exploded the video of
Didi mistreating almost in the hallway
of the Hotel This video is not that they are
playing it is evaluated or rather it is simply
put there as evidence by the FBI to
say look this guy is like this this guy already
has these antecedents no to  didis will
never be tried for having
hit almost practically because at the
time when she almost reported it, as
soon as she reported it, she accepted a
financial agreement So that case is
closed It cannot be tried again what
is true is that the video It is
presented in these lawsuits
basically to give the judge a little
context no I mean in the end you have to
sell the profile of the person
against whom you have a lawsuit let's see I
tell you again what I told you
before this video is not being played, I
mean this video It may not change
absolutely anything Didi's defense
is determined to annul it claiming that it was
leaked illegally and
therefore cannot be evidence but it doesn't
matter or rather the FBI for the moment what they have
done is deny that they
have leaked anything that in fact they did
not have the video until they
leaked it out there That those who had the
video were the hotel workers and
almost's defense but that equally
they did not have the video until it was
made public but as I have already
explained in previous videos it does not
matter  I mean, why do you want
that video to be annulled as evidence if it's going to be
anyway? Well, look, you cancel the video. Okay,
well, look, I'm going to talk about the video. It
's also published in the media. I'm
not presenting the video. I'm presenting a
news story if you want a press release.
Didi is not being judged for that beating, they
are simply taking into account
making a drawing of the person who
is being reported. By the way, in the
last few days that I'm going to tell you
about the new photos that have been
leaked of When Jennifer was with
Didi, several photographs have been leaked
with certain anger, at least you can see
that they are arguing and people are
starting to speculate what
the reasons for the anger could be. In recent
days, Jennifer Lopez has been
asked about Didi again and she has looked
quite upset. By the way,
the
uncontrollable jealousy that Jennifer Lopez has
or usually has with her partners and with
Didi is already well known. Well, obviously I don't think it would
be any different. She told
a magazine at the time that she always suspected that
Didi was unfaithful to her but that she never managed to
discover it. She also said that she preferred to
leave him because she couldn't see herself having three.
children with this man that this guy
was always partying until the
early hours of the morning there are even people
who are also drawing the conclusion
that the anger they had in these
images the argument could be about
the shooting I sincerely
believe that they could be fighting over
who gets up the next morning to
take the dog out or who left
the refrigerator door open, I mean,
what the [ __ ] do I know people really
want to know all the
conversations it's impossible I mean it's a
random photo of them In a nightclub it's
that they could be arguing about
anything from a couple of that moment Jennifer
has taken out money no no you didn't tell me you were
going to take your host I [ __ ] myself I
don't even have the card up high
I don't know something about this no and she gets
angry and that's it I mean it doesn't have to
be anything serious The Thing Is that for me
the fact that Jennifer Lopez has
been with this man look I always
think that a little bit the two who get
in the same bed They are of the same
condition when it comes to
long relationships no we already know the whole history of
Jennifer with her exes and with Didi  on the other
hand Justin Bieber who continues to have
a quiet life away from
controversy apparently is beginning to
take action for everything he experienced in
his past but not against trap Didi but
with his work environment after 15 years
of career and a fortune of more than 300
million after selling his catalog and
15 years of concerts and successes in
music yin came to the conclusion that
several agents have done a bad job
and surely they could have made him
lose a lot of money according to sources
close to the artist is
thoughtful about whether to take
legal action or not against agents who have
made him lose all this money that he
believes he could have earned if they
had done their job well or even
made fiscal errors But well at the
moment he is not convinced it is something he
is thinking about so we will see and well I have
left for the end something that is that it
seems to me because I
am seeing it on networks and me Well the
truth is I am not going to get too much into
politics also I tell you you know that
when I want to get involved I do in fact
the videos of this last week have
all been very political But at
what moment or rather let's see  how do I say this there
is something that harms those of us who
are heart channels
gossip channels because gossip not
viral topics the news No well I have an
audience that is from the right to the left from
top to bottom to the center and
inwards joke joke The thing is that
you have all kinds of audiences so if you
position yourself politically it can
harm you because you can lose some
people who take it very seriously not
the issue of politics at what point are
the actors positioning themselves and I have
seen on Twitter that clips have come out
even of the actors of Xmen I do not
understand Well he is seeing a lot of
criticism because many artists have come out
to try to get votes for
camala Harry who you already know
looks like Trump is going to
beat her up DiCaprio or rather DiCaprio has
come out to support camala also
saying that he does it because of the issue of the
consequences of climate change
when The guy has a private jet, a
private boat All he is missing is to have
a private train and now suddenly he
wants to save our atmosphere bellon
bellon for women's rights
when the chick He still has not
spoken out about his friend
Didi not even about almost Ventura which
was a super viral and super delicate subject.
I really know that with
these little things I hallucinate that it is not Leonardo and
Caprio who was like a member of
Didi's parties but almost definitely not
after it is known what type of
parties and what requirements for the
women they took to be hired
at those parties in dialogue with the
New York post newspaper an organizer who
preferred to remain anonymous
claimed to have worked with coms in 2004
and 2005 as detailed the participants
had to be young and attractive and not
weigh more than 140 pounds 63 kg if
necessary we would do a weigh-in if a
girl was very tall there was a little
discretion about it he said and well to
close this video you know that
recently it was being talked about a lot we
also brought it out in a video the subject that
Leonardo's current partner has
turned 26 years old which is Leonardo's record
in a relationship the record of
girlfriend he has had okay like you
know no Leonardo de Caprio usually leaves
his girlfriends the moment they turn
25 and already starts with another new one who is
younger she has been seen in these
photographs with a girl Too
young, let's say I don't
know how old this girl is but everyone on social
media and in the media
were claiming that she would be a new
partner that she had left the other one but they have
already clarified that she is a niece, daughter
of her stepbrother and well family Well
here I'm going to leave today's video
so well if you like my work You
know subscribe like share I read you
in the comments box also you know
that you can highlight your comments
with a super thanks which are
like the Super chat in the live but
here in the videos okay
your comments appear highlighted there in
colors if you want to put something to me and you want
me to read it and also answer
and brag not that it appears there in
colors you can do it with this
button here super Thank you and I
always answer the Super Thank you and
nothing family see you in the next
video a big kiss and bye bye
[Music]